fix: the `qos` field both work for pub and sub (#3212)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/modules/client_tag.md

### Configurable Limits

| Limit Type                        | Unit         | Description                                                                          |
|-----------------------------------|--------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Sent Message TPS Limit            | Messages/sec | Limits the number of messages a client can publish per second (TPS).                 |
| Subscribe Message TPS Limit       | Messages/sec | Limits the number of messages EMQX can deliver to a client per second.               |
| Sent Traffic Limit (bytes/s)      | Bytes/sec    | Limits the message traffic a client can publish per second.                          |
| Subscribe Traffic Limit (bytes/s) | Bytes/sec    | Limits the message traffic a client can deliver per second.                          |

> | Maximum QoS Level                 | 0, 1, 2      | Limits the maximum QoS level that clients can use to publish and subscribe messages. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Maximum QoS Level                 | 0, 1, 2      | Limits the maximum QoS level that clients can use when publishing or subscribing to messages. |
```
